README.md, before:

# Brain Logic Info Solutions - Professional IT Company Website

A modern, responsive website built with React and Vite for Brain Logic Info Solutions, showcasing professional IT services including Magento, ReactJS, Angular, .NET, Java, and Python development with GraphQL expertise.

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional UI with latest IT industry color trends
- **Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices
- **Fast Performance**: Built with Vite for optimal loading speeds
- **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion for engaging user interactions
- **SEO Ready**: Optimized for search engines with proper meta tags
- **Component-Based**: Modular React architecture for easy maintenance

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18+ with Vite
- **Routing**: React Router DOM
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Heroicons React
- **Styling**: Custom CSS with CSS Variables
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Package Manager**: npm

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm package manager

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd brainlogic-website

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server (with hot reload)
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

The development server will start at `http://localhost:5173/`

## 📁 Project Structure

```
brainlogic-website/
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── src/
│   ├── components/         # Reusable components
│   │   ├── Header.jsx     # Navigation header
│   │   ├── Footer.jsx     # Site footer
│   │   └── Layout.jsx     # Main layout wrapper
│   ├── pages/             # Page components
│   │   ├── Home.jsx       # Homepage
│   │   ├── About.jsx      # About us page
│   │   ├── Services.jsx   # Services overview
│   │   ├── Portfolio.jsx  # Project portfolio
│   │   ├── Careers.jsx    # Career opportunities
│   │   ├── Blog.jsx       # Tech blog/insights
│   │   ├── Contact.jsx    # Contact form
│   │   └── services/      # Individual service pages
│   ├── styles/            # CSS stylesheets
│   │   ├── components.css # Component styles
│   │   └── pages.css      # Page-specific styles
│   ├── App.jsx            # Main app component
│   ├── main.jsx           # App entry point
│   └── index.css          # Global styles
├── PROJECT_SUMMARY.md      # Comprehensive project overview
├── TECHNICAL_DOCUMENTATION.md # Technical details
├── DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md     # Deployment and customization guide
└── README.md              # This file
```

## 🎨 Design System

### Color Palette
- **Primary Blue**: #0066cc
- **Secondary Cyan**: #00d4ff
- **Accent Purple**: #6366f1
- **Accent Green**: #10b981
- **Modern gradients** for visual appeal

### Typography
- **Font**: Inter (Google Fonts)
- **Responsive typography** that scales across devices
- **Consistent hierarchy** throughout the site

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Core Pages
1. **Home** (`/`) - Hero section, services overview, company stats
2. **About** (`/about`) - Company mission, team, values
3. **Services** (`/services`) - Technology expertise showcase
4. **Portfolio** (`/portfolio`) - Project showcase with filtering
5. **Careers** (`/careers`) - Job opportunities and company culture
6. **Blog** (`/blog`) - Tech insights and articles
7. **Contact** (`/contact`) - Contact form and company information
8. **Privacy Policy** (`/privacy-policy`) - Data protection and privacy information
9. **Terms of Service** (`/terms-of-service`) - Service terms and conditions

### Service Pages
- **Magento Development** (`/services/magento`)
- **ReactJS Development** (`/services/react`)
- **AngularJS Development** (`/services/angular`)
- **UI/UX Design** (`/services/uiux`)
- **Java Development** (`/services/java`)
- **Python Development** (`/services/python`)

## 🔧 Customization

### Quick Customization
1. **Company Information**: Update contact details in `src/components/Footer.jsx`
2. **Colors**: Modify CSS variables in `src/index.css`
3. **Content**: Replace sample data in page components
4. **Images**: Replace emoji placeholders with real images

### Adding New Pages
1. Create component in `src/pages/`
2. Add route in `src/App.jsx`
3. Update navigation in `src/components/Header.jsx`

See `DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md` for detailed customization instructions.

## 🚀 Deployment

### Recommended Hosting Platforms
- **Netlify**: Automatic deployments from Git
- **Vercel**: Optimized for React applications
- **Traditional hosting**: Upload `dist/` folder after build

### Build for Production
```bash
npm run build
```

The `dist/` folder contains all files ready for deployment.

See `DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md` for detailed deployment instructions.

## 📚 Documentation

- **PROJECT_SUMMARY.md** - Complete project overview and requirements
- **TECHNICAL_DOCUMENTATION.md** - Detailed technical specifications
- **DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md** - Deployment and customization instructions

## 🎯 Key Features Implemented

### User Experience
- ✅ Responsive design (mobile-first)
- ✅ Smooth animations and transitions
- ✅ Intuitive navigation
- ✅ Fast loading times

### Business Features
- ✅ Service showcase for 6 technologies
- ✅ Portfolio with project filtering
- ✅ Contact form with validation
- ✅ Blog/insights section
- ✅ Career opportunities page
- ✅ Professional company presentation

### Technical Features
- ✅ Modern React architecture
- ✅ Component-based design
- ✅ CSS custom properties
- ✅ SEO optimization ready
- ✅ Performance optimized

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

### Phase 2 Features
- [ ] CMS integration for content management
- [ ] Backend API for forms and newsletter
- [ ] User authentication system
- [ ] Advanced SEO optimization
- [ ] Analytics integration
- [ ] Performance monitoring

### Content Enhancements
- [ ] Real project images and case studies
- [ ] Team member photos
- [ ] Client testimonials
- [ ] Blog content management
- [ ] Multi-language support

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

This project is created for Brain Logic Info Solutions. All rights reserved.

## 📞 Support

For technical questions or customization needs:
- Review the documentation files
- Check the component structure
- Refer to the styling system
- Follow the deployment guide

---

**Built with ❤️ for Brain Logic Info Solutions**

Commit message:

Test auto-deployment with GitHub secrets configured

README.md, after:

# Brain Logic Info Solutions - Professional IT Company Website

A modern, responsive website built with React and Vite for Brain Logic Info Solutions, showcasing professional IT services including Magento, ReactJS, Angular, .NET, Java, and Python development with GraphQL expertise.

🚀 **Auto-deployment is now active!** Every push to main branch automatically deploys to https://brainlogic.in

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional UI with latest IT industry color trends
- **Responsive**: Mobile-first design that works on all devices
- **Fast Performance**: Built with Vite for optimal loading speeds
- **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion for engaging user interactions
- **SEO Ready**: Optimized for search engines with proper meta tags
- **Component-Based**: Modular React architecture for easy maintenance

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18+ with Vite
- **Routing**: React Router DOM
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Heroicons React
- **Styling**: Custom CSS with CSS Variables
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Package Manager**: npm

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm package manager

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd brainlogic-website

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server (with hot reload)
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

The development server will start at `http://localhost:5173/`

## 📁 Project Structure

```
brainlogic-website/
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── src/
│   ├── components/         # Reusable components
│   │   ├── Header.jsx     # Navigation header
│   │   ├── Footer.jsx     # Site footer
│   │   └── Layout.jsx     # Main layout wrapper
│   ├── pages/             # Page components
│   │   ├── Home.jsx       # Homepage
│   │   ├── About.jsx      # About us page
│   │   ├── Services.jsx   # Services overview
│   │   ├── Portfolio.jsx  # Project portfolio
│   │   ├── Careers.jsx    # Career opportunities
│   │   ├── Blog.jsx       # Tech blog/insights
│   │   ├── Contact.jsx    # Contact form
│   │   └── services/      # Individual service pages
│   ├── styles/            # CSS stylesheets
│   │   ├── components.css # Component styles
│   │   └── pages.css      # Page-specific styles
│   ├── App.jsx            # Main app component
│   ├── main.jsx           # App entry point
│   └── index.css          # Global styles
├── PROJECT_SUMMARY.md      # Comprehensive project overview
├── TECHNICAL_DOCUMENTATION.md # Technical details
├── DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md     # Deployment and customization guide
└── README.md              # This file
```

## 🎨 Design System

### Color Palette
- **Primary Blue**: #0066cc
- **Secondary Cyan**: #00d4ff
- **Accent Purple**: #6366f1
- **Accent Green**: #10b981
- **Modern gradients** for visual appeal

### Typography
- **Font**: Inter (Google Fonts)
- **Responsive typography** that scales across devices
- **Consistent hierarchy** throughout the site

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Core Pages
1. **Home** (`/`) - Hero section, services overview, company stats
2. **About** (`/about`) - Company mission, team, values
3. **Services** (`/services`) - Technology expertise showcase
4. **Portfolio** (`/portfolio`) - Project showcase with filtering
5. **Careers** (`/careers`) - Job opportunities and company culture
6. **Blog** (`/blog`) - Tech insights and articles
7. **Contact** (`/contact`) - Contact form and company information
8. **Privacy Policy** (`/privacy-policy`) - Data protection and privacy information
9. **Terms of Service** (`/terms-of-service`) - Service terms and conditions

### Service Pages
- **Magento Development** (`/services/magento`)
- **ReactJS Development** (`/services/react`)
- **AngularJS Development** (`/services/angular`)
- **UI/UX Design** (`/services/uiux`)
- **Java Development** (`/services/java`)
- **Python Development** (`/services/python`)

## 🔧 Customization

### Quick Customization
1. **Company Information**: Update contact details in `src/components/Footer.jsx`
2. **Colors**: Modify CSS variables in `src/index.css`
3. **Content**: Replace sample data in page components
4. **Images**: Replace emoji placeholders with real images

### Adding New Pages
1. Create component in `src/pages/`
2. Add route in `src/App.jsx`
3. Update navigation in `src/components/Header.jsx`

See `DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md` for detailed customization instructions.

## 🚀 Deployment

### Recommended Hosting Platforms
- **Netlify**: Automatic deployments from Git
- **Vercel**: Optimized for React applications
- **Traditional hosting**: Upload `dist/` folder after build

### Build for Production
```bash
npm run build
```

The `dist/` folder contains all files ready for deployment.

See `DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md` for detailed deployment instructions.

## 📚 Documentation

- **PROJECT_SUMMARY.md** - Complete project overview and requirements
- **TECHNICAL_DOCUMENTATION.md** - Detailed technical specifications
- **DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md** - Deployment and customization instructions

## 🎯 Key Features Implemented

### User Experience
- ✅ Responsive design (mobile-first)
- ✅ Smooth animations and transitions
- ✅ Intuitive navigation
- ✅ Fast loading times

### Business Features
- ✅ Service showcase for 6 technologies
- ✅ Portfolio with project filtering
- ✅ Contact form with validation
- ✅ Blog/insights section
- ✅ Career opportunities page
- ✅ Professional company presentation

### Technical Features
- ✅ Modern React architecture
- ✅ Component-based design
- ✅ CSS custom properties
- ✅ SEO optimization ready
- ✅ Performance optimized

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

### Phase 2 Features
- [ ] CMS integration for content management
- [ ] Backend API for forms and newsletter
- [ ] User authentication system
- [ ] Advanced SEO optimization
- [ ] Analytics integration
- [ ] Performance monitoring

### Content Enhancements
- [ ] Real project images and case studies
- [ ] Team member photos
- [ ] Client testimonials
- [ ] Blog content management
- [ ] Multi-language support

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

This project is created for Brain Logic Info Solutions. All rights reserved.

## 📞 Support

For technical questions or customization needs:
- Review the documentation files
- Check the component structure
- Refer to the styling system
- Follow the deployment guide

---

**Built with ❤️ for Brain Logic Info Solutions**
